Add fail fast option to README (#337)
encukou/freezeyt: README.md

Use `--no-cleanup` to override `cleanup: False` from the config.

### Fail fast

Fail fast mode stops the freezing of the app when the first error occurs.

> Fail fast may be specified simultaneously from CLI as well as in configuration file.
> The command line `fail fast` switch has always priority over the configuration file.

Reviewer: maybe better: 
```suggestion
As with most settings, fail fast can be set both in the configuration file and in the command line using switches (the command line always overrides the configuration file).
```
